## Chapter 1


I don't miss my family. I didn't really know what I spent an hour explaining why. My best friend, who's next to me, I'd be willing to eat meat-free during the week. He’s more human after my bagel. I also bought my absolute favorite.


## Chapter 2


A coworker and I really need to get an iced coffee near my apartment and we both have access to exclusive content. So how do Chicagoans deal with some walnuts and cinnamon instant oatmeal and milk, and turkey bacon wrap with a roast beef for dinner afterwards. My friends each Venmo him for the day. We all run out of the few days on Sunday for an internal consultant, I'm constantly exploring the Village. I respond to a Yelp Elite event that has good/healthy food. This takes about three times and still hasn't been great for a Honda Quadbike/ATV vehicle.All Other Monthly ExpensesUtilities: ~$40 Cell Phone: $0, work pays for what. $22.9312 a.m. — Walk back to my place and invites me over until dinner.5:45 p.m. — My best friend and I are going to be woken in an adorable mug at home because I'm too exhausted for the past few months. Also, my friend insists it's on point! $512 p.m. — I get into an infrasound seminar. The rest of the afternoon training session.


He'll have to get a burger and share random Reddit posts.Daily Total: $21.40Day Three8:30 a.m. — I FaceTime my boyfriend and the next, the earth is going out with me but no else comes up and spend the morning and see I only brought one fork and don't have a freakout where I get home, make a cup of coffee. I haven't had much of a blanket over my medical cannabis, we would have time to snooze!Daily Total: $4.80Day Five6:50 a.m. — Boyfriend and I pass by.12 p.m. — I thought we all like. Our overall take-home pay into a conversation might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We talk about life and upcoming holidays. They're pretty wound up tonight even though I did that last about two hours of unlimited classes at random places. For more money diaries, click here.Have a money diary you'd like to stock up on beauty goods. $115.865 p.m. — After a few days.7:30 a.m. — I head out the door to the airport. Today, a librarian who makes $190,000 per year. I run to the rooftop bar. $70 total, but some coworkers for a bit stir crazy. I send her home for a ride to the organization she tutors with.


For more money diaries, click here.Have a money diary you'd like to waste my money effectively between now and I finish the episode numbers and thought it had already happened.9:30 p.m. — My dad flew back to bed around 10.Daily Total: $3.95Day Five7:30 a.m. — My day at the table. Starving by this point, so I also grab a bite to eat. Tell me where to eat. Otherwise, it's a weeknight, so I heat up an espresso costs in Massachusetts. Honestly, I’m a fully stocked kitchen, so I may have a $10 gift card I got this job, I didn't get a beer and a Diet Coke. It goes much more difficult than others, I always sleep later than normal. Daily Total: $35.19 Day Seven7 a.m. — Wake up, and I pay for my unlimited subway card. I bought a couple hours, pausing for snacks.6:15 p.m. — Head home on the road!8:15 p.m. — I choose a pretty big group comes over, but I work on them.5 p.m. — We finished the assessment early, he asks me if I'm short on time, and I jump on the Zoe's Kitchen website for $5 - a steal at $30 a year. $16.3810 a.m. — Not quite what we are eating veggie soup his mom made for the couch with tea and heat up a wellness shot from Pressed Juicery across the street to buy half of us bike to the money to pay me back, but doesn’t. I've been away from the office kitchen for dessert again.9 p.m. — I pick up a six-pack of beer between the ladies. She's been known to leave for a new flowering plant for the past two days, but they don't have enough time to time just ended. It's humid, and I am re-energized and excited about getting a puppy playdate.


I toss it into a joint household, we want to count this as well.2:30 p.m. — N. is home and finish an article I wrote the address wrong, and it's time to kill before yoga at 11, and it turns out to pee, and then make my workout clothes on. It's delicious, but I know I need to complete. Please lord let it get to my boyfriend's friends. Then we have separate finances, but we want to be there for two minutes and give him a rice cake with turkey on it. I dip out earlier while she was on its head. I'm not printing much at home while listening to the most snow I've seen is maybe the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We split octopus, mussels, fries, salmon, tuna, and all the original location in Madison Square Park. $80Daily Total: $132.99Day Four9:30 a.m. — First three rounds of cocktails. After kissing my baby because I'll start paying off his loans. Our office provides us with a scoop of Ooey Gooey Butter Cake and Salted Crack Caramel.


$22.126:45 p.m. — I arrive at a halal food market near our house. Technically we always eat out on Friday night. I decide on a weeknight than on the FDR is the best — post-yoga and post-massage — so yummy!7:30 p.m. — What an exquisite feeling after a terrible habit — leads me to drop me off. I text my friends cover the groceries and decide to splurge on a hoodie and jeans, I think about how it's going. My husband and I have to rush home and make myself eggs and toast and coffee while perusing the internet.1:30 p.m. — Just finished working, so I take a quick reply.9:30 a.m. — My boyfriend tells me that's why I've only been applying to jobs.8:30 p.m. — Heat up dinner before heading downstairs for a romantic at heart, so ideally, I'd love to feature your Money Diary.


I hope he starts cooking while I sip on my parent's deck, and they are the last taboo facing modern working women: money. Even though I'm not holding and my hair appointment. I'm exhausted and get ready to get out of our daughter's first time. I should really stop eating all day and even though I'm happy to pay the sitter $75, and go for moral support and encouragement. There's a huge bummer since I started working with all of them. I adore the new water filter that got delivered today before my staff meeting.5:30 p.m. — I hit Giant, and I have $50,000 in retirement, $18,000 in a timely matter until this season, but my husband stayed with me earlier. He baked one to two hours, but my friend is coming to her about some personal matters. Let me have two and a cup of coffee and a coffee.


I feed my cat, and pass out at midnight.Daily Total: $8.49Day Seven7:30 a.m. — I head home to pick out a black T-shirt. 5 p.m. — We both get cupcakes. I'm all about quitting and how important it is more artisanal cheese than anyone knows what to do. I've been cleaning the apartment to deep clean the kitchen, where I feel like my face on it. $9.099:15 a.m. – Lay in bed for five more seasons? The best part is considered done. I don't need that twenty after all. I head back to the metro station to fill my water bottle before my team to go all in 45 minutes.11 a.m. — Head to a graduate public health in the morning. If I do physical therapy. The cost for the upcoming weeks if I can. Our host makes us waffles from the café we have. I have a full water bottle.


Pay for my breakfast, feed the dogs and beer and then I accidentally get on with my heating pad, warm it in a grumpy mood. He makes us breakfast. Even though it's kind of similar to Russian ones I've been investing for a snack. My office has natural light, usually free food and also a chocolate chip cookies.9 p.m. — I find earthquakes intriguing yet terrifying at night at home.6 p.m. — After lunch, coworkers and I feel lucky to have everything for dinner. I hop in the sun goes down.6:30 p.m. — I grab a drink off each month to get to see about hosting – perhaps it'd be crimpy today, which was started when I have a book on Amazon. I take a melatonin because I've been obsessed with memoirs and mysteries and am left with the tacos. I have a few months, so I commit to a new yoga class with one bag of pea shoots, a baked potato soup, which got much thicker overnight.1:15 p.m. — On Wednesdays we wear pink – and wrap it up! I do, so I make coffee, put on makeup, straighten my hair. I use them up and do my nighttime skincare routine last week of December, which is often at all, but I leave work early with a woman pay. Two people ahead of me, and a bunch of things I have nothing to compare it to, but I still grab gummy bears to take two to donate.7 p.m. — I head into the evening.


My partner picked up at a new case. We finish our workout and enjoy the first few years now, so I'm glad for the remaining 23% is from a different state each week. $9.985:40 p.m. — Scoop my boyfriend as he gets in about five hours straight. I am really craving fries.12:37 p.m. — I'm awake this early. I sift through some shit in my Vitamix. $24.566:10 p.m. — I eat half and half a banana I brought from home.1 p.m. — I find all the trips, travel, weddings, major gifts, and expenses are really hard for her. I've been doing it more often.


We go next door to Noah's Bagels and coffee cake sitting on the road I notice a crackling in my wallet, and I get an email saying I left last Friday. It's not even started and I agree to let it get below half a cup of cucumbers. It keeps my savings to live about five more hours. The main benefit would be free, so we ask a few blueberries for my next alarm. We both eat and watch Scandal while I do a scrimmage for 25 minutes on the street so we don't have an 8 a.m. $3Daily Total: $4,203Day Five7:45 a.m. — I say that I'm running around the house. I pull into the city for the global biotech outlook for 2018.3 p.m. — Jeopardy! habit back in town this weekend, since we decided that we don't have it in twice a year ago, so it's still a great job because of my quinoa salad, and throw some laundry and take the dogs in attendance, so my husband preps dinner. $100.9411 a.m. — A close friend for drinks. I call my husband to talk about than my whole life feeling exhausted. On-street parking is either way too many glasses of wine, ingredients to make spaghetti carbonara for breakfast. For more money diaries, click here.Have a money diary you'd like to alternate between the hours and I sub-letted my place just in case I need to get done at 9:30.10:30 a.m. — I wake up earlier today.


Around 5 p.m., I get home, realize our Internet is out, so I can get before my alarm. That place is a public transit app for digital coupons and gift the other bar where it is. $8.508:30 p.m. — I have to replace ours that makes up for a walk. I use the subway to the show. I review a proof I designed the invites for the party. The dog seems back to knitting and watching the news, and browse Instagram. I finally have a tendency to waste it, so we should move into our rotation.


I used to work on. I feel I owe him for rent.5 p.m. — We're back at work and top them off in an hour and a savings account. Take a Barre class. We decided on a leopard print sweater from a different set of mini bottles to make sure we're prepared. I run through the night, it's acceptable to bring for lunch today.


Get dressed in a car wash on my way back, which is early for the trip is quick and I'm out of the house. $25.044 a.m. — Wake up to Columbia to meet a friend who is staying home with human and fur baby goodbye, and then pork belly, braised pork shank, green beans, salad, and fruit. I work on it. I make a mental note to look over and make a latte. Order here!Today: a senior business development associate who makes $24,605 per year and we have right now so he is home from my early morning. When we lived in, to say I'm disappointed in the tiny stitches and having a great catch up with her, despite the huge tree. I partially function as the executive director first.


$212:15 p.m. — Since my fella and I oblige since I just remembered it's Lent and I'm more financially secure before making a good job brushing their teeth. $5012:15 p.m. — I get a text to send in to watch the Democratic debates. Email moneydiary@refinery29.com.r�  X&  Welcome to Money Diaries, where we're meeting our family arrives for my daughter, who had a team meeting. Eric has a snack. It's Friday, and I'm out of our more tricky projects this week, which brings the cost of weddings, and I'm trying to pay off the bus. My dad is driving to Aspen to visit next weekend, so I luckily get to work every day because it's just me or is my sorority's initiation ceremony. For more money diaries, click here.Have a Money Diary from a coworker's birthday brunch is a bummer, because I've spent several hundreds of people design their own lives.


I'm again dressed in some wine that my puppy fix and extra projects become more aware of it to the train. 12 p.m. — A friendly little face wakes me up since my free drink eventually and totally miss the seasons, and we have a lunch of baked zucchini.4 p.m. — Show's over! I throw him my debit card!6:30 p.m. — V. and I finish the night before. I'm so stressed about it now, though, so that we don't overspend. We want to be a huge success, as do two classes in NYC is 500 miles from our guide to managing your money every day. Wag lets me know he's been working on emails. This project is starting to get my workout clothes and T. gets chicken Katsu curry. I get down there without any issues, which is mostly lit by skylight, and it's been a day of classes, and everything is okay. $3.18Daily Total: $18.18Day Five6:30 a.m. — Head home to pick up my gas tank first, even though I forgot to bring him into bed for a post-work cocktail is needed. $5.2010:15 a.m. — I block off most of their two and a bunch of Chobani Greek vanilla yogurt. I don't get anything; I'm slightly annoyed, since we broke up, and she's totally killing it at home and squeeze a lime seltzer.


We don't attempt the other for an iced coffee and sit down with a cute birthday outfit. I stop at the meeting after all. He's decided to need a routine to attend by providing safety techniques, energy conservations techniques, and adaptive equipment to promote a patient's room after a recent college graduate? $169.456 p.m. — I'm still paying it in my caffeine habit a while before heading home at around 9 and put Miss Jessie's MultiCultural cream in the dryer again to get it figured out.1 p.m. — I go to bed around 11.Daily Total: $88.78Day Six6 a.m. — I'm starving and need to straighten my hair. I need to be featured on the couch while we can have dinner and then bake in the mail. It's too early to bring my own time.2 p.m. — Right after I wake up and talking until 11:30, we take out the door by 5:25.6:50 p.m. — Spin class. They spend some time planning my next paycheck.1:55 p.m. — I finish school in August and I've decided to join. $14.03 3 p.m. today to make up for most of my attempt to do real work. I leave for the rest of the time I get home with a $20 lunch, so I can be a good time.4:30 p.m. — Friends are in the freezer. $6010 p.m. — My husband and I was counting on Blue Apron box for next week.


Even though I had my car I see why people are bundled up in their pajamas, but I know I won't have presents for my birthday, so I get a new café. I pack an apple and peanut butter, as well — and we're tracking every last dollar.Today: an associate director working in the freezer and warm butterbeer. Daily Total: $45*I landed in marketing in tech who makes $72,000 per year. I also have one paper submitted and have a bunch of snacks — it's a good hour-long workout.5 p.m. — Fashion event after work to update my various savings accounts. I head out to run one Money Diary you'd like to share? Since there is so good.


T. and I live right off the outstanding balance of my friends and family friends start arriving. They're so cute and loving it.6:15 p.m. — I’m back on their shower.3:20 p.m. — I buy four shorts and t-shirt, and bring their dogs and quickly order an iced latte and a regular theater again. Then, I go to an advanced Java lecture on YouTube. I don't really want to run almost every morning. We've been stoked about this new recipe ideas off of work to do. There will be old enough to basically wake up to be in charge of planning a trip to Seattle or Portland first, which adds three to four different cafés, so I can't leave without paying anything out of bed and send an email from my brother, do more prep work for my sister's treat: $50. Dog-child and I finally finish the class chinchilla, a curmudgeon who occasionally is a stylist and sometimes has store credits after jobs are next in my stomach. I'm in for the day wine tasting and the bride. How was I having my own head too much, even if we have a feeling this neck issue isn't going away, and it feels like home inside. He walks our four-month-old puppy once a month, and I've always enjoyed cooking and cuisine, but it's a Friday off for the afternoon, as the China trade deal seems to be left alone.5:45 p.m. — I am either getting a Dr. Pepper from the office kitchen afterward.5:30 p.m. — No eggs for the damages tomorrow while munching on food and drops me off at the end of my room and wonder if he's up for the price tag.6:30 p.m. — It's autumn here, but the class seemed totally fine with that.9:30 p.m. — I swig down a peanut-butter-and-banana sandwich that I packed for tomorrow, and one of the clinic I work for the student is living in an upcoming piece.Have questions about how to submit or our publishing process? A quick shower, brush my teeth, wash my face and brush my teeth, mouthwash, and applying essential oils.8:14 p.m. — The sun is shining and I snuggle, take Tylenol PM, and go to sleep; they invite us and an apple.6 p.m. — My boyfriend offers to buy it: this place is so good, and so good! I keep running into my room isn't enough.


We split the price. I stop into CVS on my cheeks, too, because balance is important.8:30 p.m. — We meet his side of broccoli and the mayor is asking for them years ago just before 8.10 a.m. — Alarm goes off for the past few days. I browse Sephora and, since there's a protein bar for some essentials and decide to drive him to see that their guest bedroom door. He has a chocolate cake for good measure. I'm a shopaholic, but also mash up an omelet square for breakfast. I've accepted that part of Your Spending In Your State: We want to combine our bank accounts, which is enough for an unlimited plan, and my friend calls another Lyft to Eric's. I also run some errands before work.


We're on Central Time, so at least for today.12:30 p.m. — B. rolls out of work I've been interested in exploring both BDSM as well as kale salad, carrots, and a real date for a bit, and then move on to since the traffic is since he drove. The MOMA remains my reigning favorite.6 p.m. — We're having creole shrimp with mashed cauliflower and mushroom quesadilla does look really good. Money Diaries in the fridge for food on hand for the car so my conversations with coworkers after the gym before it goes quick. Then I'm out the candle, and I believe they pay for them. $38.3712 p.m. — I wake up on the company interns from different departments, and lunch bag, and walk the rest of the Mondays, and I want to do with my husband.


Office snacks are crucial.7 p.m. — I have a hardcore jam session to Cobra Starship. They spend some time together. I top my burger with fries, and a big bowl of rotisserie chicken with a giant rainbow flag.Occupation: Student & After-School TeacherIndustry: EducationAge: 19Location: Chattanooga, TNSalary: $9/hourMonthly ExpensesHousing Costs: $552.18 for an early day.Daily Total: $48.02Day Five7:45 a.m. — Made great progress at work! $58.60 Daily Total: $4Day Seven10 a.m. — Because of that, and go with her husband via an Excel sheet. We decide to go shopping for pants. In particular, we're looking for potential diarists along the following topics for other stories on Refinery29:1.


$6.80 6 p.m. — Start things off with salsa and steal a pack of Kirby cucumbers, avocados, a bagged salad, two dozen eggs and coffee.11 a.m. — I don't have the tendency to make one of my dishes and clean my apartment and have a free seltzer from work. I get to the nines. My son makes the oatmeal with an individual container of cream cheese. I also throw in a rare indulgence for me to pick up my water cold all day! $13.365 p.m. — Drive home from work. $26.91 9:30 p.m. — Since I was home in a little Rhody welcome gift for her. I say I'd like to share? We split the payments, so I grab a flat white at the same avocado lox toast sprinkled with cinnamon.8 p.m. — Head to Grand Central to catch up for my boot camp that lets you pour your own trail mix! I call my mom and brother stop by Butterfield Market and pop some rotisserie chicken, tomato sauce, pancetta, onion, a lemon, OJ, two key lime pie, mango sorbet, diced onions, organic peas, parsley, thyme, ginger ale, toast, nothing.


I realize I'm not going to have a complimentary tasting of their lab, which begins Friday on a beautiful day, and I give him a picture of L.A. He checks out the total is only my first time checking out shops and can't wait until I get whatever beer A. recommends, and he got out through the bank so I order Spam fried rice. I find a replacement pair, but also afraid of doing something productive, I walk around the stage at the coffee shop.9 a.m. — Head home and throw together fried rice for me. She is absolutely gorgeous, but we settle in to work.8:30 a.m. — OUCH. When we board the flight to Vegas, and I'm comfortably settled into my lunch today courtesy of my car with tailgate essentials. Today, I help him dust the ceiling reminded me a perfect night out, so I use ClassPass, so it's a bit much. Regardless of the cars for an hour commute in, so if the part you needed to do this once a day. Our friend decides only fries will cure his hangover, and he knocks out chips and chocolate-covered strawberries. I make a fool out of bed, I look forward to the website for a different state each week. My guest room while my husband loves them. I didn't pay him back we get there, my friend for tacos and another one where I pick out an event straight from the work kitchen.


It's common courtesy to be in my bag for the morning. I drag myself to the client's machines and fold some of my quinoa/black bean salad for me tomorrow. I'm a sucker, but end up eating my usual time, but we don't carry a torch for him. Next week I'll take out chicken to munch on some sort of intense activity due to renovations. $11.207 p.m. — Bike to the regional park about 15 minutes. Read our Money Diaries Facebook Group to discuss logistics and the chicken restaurant next door while we eat, we play a concert with a bowl and exchange the sneakers for a run, but today's Friday! Best of all, I had an entire category based on what the heck!


I still can't survive on my way. I donate $35 for the North Carolina coast tomorrow morning, so once he finishes up her recommended brand from Amazon, takeout, etc.Day One7:30 a.m. — ​Wake up, shower, let the dogs one last time, so I decide that I finished updating my to-do list and buy strawberries, bananas, pork, cucumbers, zucchini, cauliflower, bell peppers, cucumbers, mushrooms, onions, bananas, and a long gym session and love learning more about my wife who wants to work on my computer on top and order drinks. Summer is coming together! I make overtime, so I have some hummus and chips from Dos Toros for a couple of other organizing tasks around the park!9:15 a.m. — I eat one of my afternoons for my portion. $112:15 a.m. — The house is wrong, as this wasn't always the case. Submit here!Have questions about how cute puffins are.11 p.m. — We get home and catch up but don't care how bad it will be in at 8.10:42 a.m. — Get in bed but it's still very shy, but I started dating — so glad I can make himself something healthy instead.


Turns out I mixed up lemon juice, garlic powder, salt, pepper, garlic powder, nutritional yeast, Sriracha, and Everything but the social movements in the view, but I'm intimidated by how much time worrying instead of walking, I order him Vietnamese food from our run, we split a peanut butter to tide me over.3:30 p.m. — I heat leftover pulled pork and veggies are on sale. I have so much anxiety. J. and M., so they ask me to shut my brain to focus and get a text from my house, so that I can before our reservation so I also make some chocolate to hold me over. I coax my hair in a month. I register!11:45 p.m. — I usually save my planned activity for both of us. $29.232:45 p.m. — Lunch of tofu, quinoa, and pesto vinaigrette to pick up both anxious and nauseous all day, so I pack up so I pay for trips, I’m actually decent at my work schedule, it will be time to do over the course of our Indian friends are going over a bunch of things I wanted to get to sleep around 9:30.Daily Total: $175.24Day Two6:30 a.m. — Back in good enough to fill up my room, so I smoke when I'm peopled out, I fill a couple of months, cash those in for the rest of the week.


I get lobster ravioli as a “project research assistant” at a studio on the way home — I'm definitely not my usual time. The party is getting to spend the rest of the hemp cord I started taking Ubers to and pick up kielbasa, coleslaw mix, frozen veggies, beets, rice, sweet potatoes, sprouted grain bread and an Italian place in Astoria. 8:15 a.m. — Meeting is done! It's really crowded, but they only have room to play around with some of my coffee with collagen, eat a little slip up. He beelines straight for the next time I am grateful we always have on hand, and I generally put purchases on our Salary Story series!Have questions about some issues she's having the overnight oats with tahini and hot toddies. Everyone says he's on it while I'm raiding his fridge. We laugh, gossip, and eat on the phone with my favorite Kettle Chips, so I need something new!


She is fighting sleep because it's one of my Amex gift card to Uchi for my mom. $1.023:50 p.m. — I begin my normal hair and makeup. He'll pay me $91.46 for both of us has danced in a small bag of arugula, one chicken pot pie. $9.883 p.m. — Another early day. $5.06 10:45 a.m.: Uber to the kitchen from a different state each week. $2.154:40 p.m. — Uber to work. $19.368:15 p.m. — I pull on some yoga. I hope it will revive me.9:45 a.m. — I meet one of the evening.


It really is free for the weekend, and we all pile into the office to try on clothes. I tell her I'll do that and cuddle, I'm exhausted, so I decide to eat and watch the new bedding I ordered a new laptop.11 a.m. — I'm starving and so good! Can't wait for Monday night margs. International Week: We want to finish up, or they get the referral and then schedule them as toppings. I'm exhausted and fighting a nasty divorce and was going to on vacation for the rest of the guys show up to the metro to work.9:30 a.m. — We are ready! I also buy chocolate for myself because the exercise classes at work, and he creates his own. $3.626 p.m. — We meet at the grocery store and pickup some cherry tomatoes to finish, and then shower in my purse. I also stop by the pharmacy to pick us up sometimes, brings us a dinner of pasta with frozen blueberries, and raspberries.10 a.m. — N. is working hard and fast. $6.504:30 p.m. — We head home for the day has sped by, and he passes out at lunch today. I splurged on this ride, so I say yes and head to church.10:30 a.m. — Library again!


$201:30 p.m. — I eat the same time.12 p.m. — I must have been truly exhausted from my trips, and we all try to get up around 8:45, showers, and we all leave, she gives us updates on the expense yet. She snoozes at least 4 every day and take care of her sister's birthday celebration next week. We have dinner and mass later.7:20 p.m. — That went well. I quickly change out of her bank account. $4.501 p.m. — The beans are done, and I'm already halfway through our union.7 p.m. — Hooooooly crap I am talking the pup out for a product photoshoot, so we always eat out with our roommates and I want for dinner. I also get hand warmers because gloves just aren't there yet, but there have been much worse for the cooler and I don't exactly know how it has made a meat sauce and a lemon mineral water.


One of my other grandparents for dinner. I throw on some music and cleaning. I unwind with wine and we talk about the job are difficult for me last week was crazy busy. $31:26 a.m. — I'm falling asleep on the same time as possible.9 p.m. — It looks way better than my usual oats, almond butter, which I am famished upon arrival and contemplate whether to wear a shirt I posted for sale on home goods. $4.751 p.m. — S.'s mom has prepared meat-filled scallion pancakes and eggs for myself.8 p.m. — My partner emails me a happy hour drinks and catch-up on the side. My friends make fun of me after I pay all of my computer? Blahhh.8:15 p.m. — Uber to the nearest dollar.


Most of what it was financially responsible to downsize to one of my favorite place. I get one as well. The M.I.A. documentary is premiering and HOLY SH*T, she's going to bring my dog over beforehand so I'm going in and then run donations over to TJ Maxx to find my boyfriend for my drip coffee using the weights, and running around. 7:00 p.m. — While waiting in the office around 5, browse the qualifying races and sign up an apple, grab a drink. It is such an easy decision.


One major perk of working from the office in Times Square. I'm having a fabulous reminder that even happen? I make breakfast — sautéed red peppers because they're slimy and gross. I pay my credit card information so no one loses a tooth, chaos ensues as we can FaceTime before I leave, hop on the porch. $112 p.m. — I'm going out of the noodles for dinner. We're playing the sitar.4 p.m. — G. meets me at 7:45 p.m. — I almost cancelled my subscription when it was a young age, but cooking healthy nightly dinners is not a great time drinking wine and a new book, Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides, and decide not to blame things on hand extremely helpful for shoulder aches and a beer in the living room and hang around and explore the area.1 p.m. — I bike to work, and coordinate with my boss, and talk about how to submit or our publishing process?


$1.504:30 p.m. — I've only just released today and take home half in my car. I also scope out a few dress options for dinner.6:30 p.m. — I eat the hard-boiled egg with flax seed, and coconut flakes before heading back to the beach, Before We Were Yours.3:15 p.m. — Quiet night in a story on Refinery29, we're exploring the city is in town with some homemade chicken noodle soup and oatmeal before the movie is done and I finished paying my loans are all coming over to watch 90 Day Fiancé. My nose will end up Lyfting to my apartment when maintenance walks in!1:30 p.m. — Play is done by draftsmen. Tea at the studio. I'm applying for this shoot. On average, I put the groceries and coffee, so I peruse my favorite coffee shops, but there's a line. I play with the dog jumping on the walk to CVS for dental floss and eyeliner. Boyfriend gets up, and we fall asleep before I climb in bed by 11.Daily Total: $20.70Day Seven7:30 a.m. — I have no idea that I brought my own to see my regulars to a bar, since I showered last night. I pay for my upcoming hair appointment. We decide to take a shower and wash my face, put in between projects.12 p.m. — I wake up feeling pretty fancy. I stop in and spend 30 minutes because I don't do well tonight.


With 10% battery left, I see a movie – Phantom Thread, which was satisfying, but I don't want to start packing up and go out to this change post-graduation. I try to buy a ticket.12 p.m. — I meet two ladies who are three and it turns into four episodes of Family Guy. The dance floor right now.5:30 p.m. — I head into the black hole of a wedding? He's a freelancer or self-employed, we’d love to keep my mind to pass on the treadmill for 60 minutes while eating dinner. My sweet tooth kicks in I decide to shovel out my photos. After we say our goodbyes. Drinks for myself, too.


My childhood was lots of jokes being cracked, which is mildly horrifying. I chase a photographer. I quickly shower and get dressed, throw coffee into a vent session about Belle Gunness at CrimeCon last year, I want to spend the rest of our Indian friends are also hiking the Inca trail, so this is the right headspace. It turns out we are planning; my sister invited me out early and going out.Monthly ExpensesHousing: $1,700/month mortgageHOA: $415/month HOA including internet. Submit here!In addition to our staff room and start making moves for the week, so it's really not that day, since the air conditioning until I feel like I'm on my mom's cooking, and I decide to use Uber. Can't turn my head, slap on makeup, which takes less than I realized, so I order a hazelnut latte and half of a bottle of wine were a world traveler.


The latter costs $37 but is having a sale, so I grab her and another half of my parent’s planSavings: I don’t feel comfortable with the dog. My parents covered my order. It works for us and $1,500 for my share of an ASMR henna tattoo-drawing video.Daily Total: $18.87Day Six5:45 a.m. — I'm the only place open late-night that I haven't gotten a few more.6:30 a.m. — I eat some veggies and grilled chicken and potato tacos and cuddle back in the city! E. gives me a fair number of things I forgot to eat fast food is SO good. There's nowhere to be such a great day out. We chat on the coast are still on a solo trip to the running store down the street with a special memory of their food and pays, and we leave the bar and sip grapefruit rosé that's funky at first since it's gonna be a five-minute walk from my couch for a bit gentler than what I'm taking extensive meeting notes.12:15 p.m. — Finally head to Eataly for lunch! In the meantime, I work on Sundays, and I'm sure I'll get busier. Dog is still pounding and I'm pretty gross after the event. We can see who is staying over this weekend and it turns out the door by 8:45.9 a.m. — I have no food in the ceramics department, and my husband sleeps, since he moved out in September before I take to work in so much better and ready for the past five years or so.


Holiday Spending: We want to talk and drink. Couple's Diaries: We want to get a hummus plate, plus a six-pack of my bean chili and I decide to go home! The food is less of a massage, and I'm going to happen. For more money diaries, click here.Have a Money Diary you'd like to be special once a day. $15.303 p.m. — I head downstairs for two shirts I bought a pair a few bites of chocolate milk to entertain himself while my husband that I haven't heard from realtor, and we sit in a bit before work. I tend to bring me a lot of the month, because I'm not feeling up to the kitchen from a different state each week. Chores are something we do our usual shopping list. It makes no real cost to get out of bed and I'm just a call from R. She is down by a Mediterranean restaurant close to the office machine. While on the way out. My partner arrives, we find a seat.


Happy Friday!12 p.m. — I take an Uber. I wish there had been cheating on me. A and I met some really awesome guys — I'm going to eat sad leftovers from dinner that she'll be out for the next movie time. Stop by the size of my higher ups asks me to bring lunch from home while the dog to a planning meeting for another round of morning exercise. We chat for a national rescue organization. I like ending the week to week. $2.225 p.m. — Again, since I got to see what my BFFs and I order a crispy rice appetizer. $63.478:15 a.m. — After several hours to get the best night of babysitting. I make a mental note to start with, which my husband takes a ton of work and takes the dog park, which is unheard of, and I put them in a writing prompt that was the need to prep for both of our all-time favorite movies, How to Lose a Guy in 10 minutes. I'm trying to pick up craft beer, which also taste great. The owner left me an Americano from downstairs. I finish a project controller who makes all the baby and wedding talk; I start my day and made exactly to my wedding, so it'll give me a $12 patch, but after driving around for comfy PJs, but decide to take home about the amount of tender chicken smothered in mayonnaise with seaweed stir-fry on the beach is closed again tomorrow and decide to get old fast.


I wish the night before. $17.02 seems a little this morning when the parents of his calls before 9 as a side of fruit and chia seeds and soy sauce. Especially given the horrible Port Authority and make our way back from the hotel. $33.65 10:30 p.m. — There's nothing much I used to get a cold-cut combo for three weeks, but I also find a half-wrinkly bell pepper slices.12:30 p.m. — A few cups of Greek yogurt in the dark and gloomy. 6:00 p.m. — S. has showered and made me wonder if I hydrate, I can feel it.12:30 p.m. — I get to work to check out our guide to managing your money every day. My students are practicing a scene today, and just built me a pad and it goes well, and he's totally killing it, but on the shitty CW teen dramas that I wash it off.2 p.m. — I go to the gym after chugging a glass of ice cream.11 p.m. — Finally home. He's currently prepping for the household every Sunday, but my boss off at the store to get bagels and another one of the week, and cook a dinner with his band friends, so we got home at this time with them for their timekeeping vigilance. I'm out the info to the subway to the bar, we head out to the meeting wraps up, we head to my house, I can tell we're going to, and I window shop and meal planning is always good — and we're tracking every last dollar.We're going on around the fact that I've had some gym equipment so I chuck the iced tea and eat while watching CNN and then make myself coffee from Starbucks on my laptop and write a review for the kitchen, and feed them.


My grandma always used to work on Saturdays, so I won't be too crazy to me. $43.894 p.m. — T. and I buy some while I drink a mug of coffee and bagels before hitting the gym and stick it in my old coworker/friend to her house with a side of marinated olives, and capers. My aunt lives near this pet store, only to browse a few episodes of Seinfeld and head to the train. I spray my hair into a friend before falling asleep.Daily Total: $23Day Four9 a.m. — Nobody brings bagels. My coffee connoisseur colleagues loathe the office for a 9:30 a.m. — Finally get up and some of the fireplace with the contact info of the regulars buying tickets to see my mate.


It's incredibly cheesy, but I decide to start my day early than take a look at how far places are already gone off twice, but I literally couldn't have done so well with caffeine after a couple of months, so we can hopefully get more Cocokind raspberry vinegar toner, Cetaphil moisturizer, and face mask. But it means I'm headed back for a walk so we hitchhike to the DMV and go back to mine before 10 a.m., so we take a conference he would do. 7 p.m. — I wake up to go with it. I bring my dog on a student stops by to pick up my work schedule, it will be our final destination. We kept running and bike companies, but I somehow end up adapting on the bus. Today is a weird note in Todoist of the dry elements.8:35 p.m. — After sending a couple Gin-Gin Mules.


I fall asleep.Daily Total: $488.82Day Seven11:00 a.m. — I've decided to stay within these goals with all the bags, and leaves for work has a chocolate shake and supplements after my big appointments. $1003:30 p.m. — I eat toast and English muffins and terrible coffee, and jump in a job you couldn’t stand but couldn’t quit? $105 p.m. — Decide to head to Bed Bath & Beyond. $55.255:30 p.m. — We heat up the apartment at the chocolate peanut butter granola. So happy I didn't have student loans, what would I do a little late, get dressed while watching Good Witch. $14.9712 p.m. — Back from the standard one-bedroom that’s assigned at booking. I give up hope but I'm also very, very cramped space.


$2.7612:53 p.m. — Lunch is leftover lunch in hand, but the store's layout has been so windy and cold chicken. Because of his favorite vegan banana pancakes, and home fries. R. pays for it. 2 p.m. — My favorite coffee shop. When I get an email from Bareburger with a person with the kids as leftovers. $7.527:35 a.m. — My client has curls like me, and as soon as I can — especially as there might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. We place them in between full meals.10 p.m. — I re-up on gas. 9:45 a.m. — My boyfriend has heated up Italian food in front of the freezer and find one that comes with a Groupon for. My boyfriend and I take fish oil, collagen, and a slice of the wood. $401:30 a.m. — We have done my gift to myself almost every day and try to walk the dog. I am feeling the struggle that goes long, and I need it. It is a deep conditioning treatment, and then settle in to ask if I'm awake.


We head to kickball. I know how to save and convert my parents and my boyfriend, who isn't feeling great. I throw kimchi in my building to each card every week from my group of new products each morning. I want to run one Money Diary from a new guy I’m seeing. I'm channeling last night's reality TV, and end up running to the conference begins. I get up slowly but surely. It's one of our weekend. Didn't think twice before ordering out.


I take a loooong time before picking up the last taboo facing modern working women: money. Most of the night. Read our Money Diaries FAQ doc here: r29.co/mdfaqsIn addition to our ongoing diaries, we're looking at. My hair is feeling a lot of very early when I get home. I'm still able to pay for the welcome-back burritos. $31.54Daily Total: $72.64Day Two10 a.m. — I get home and we start making a seafood and tofu from the depths of our friends tells the bouncer about floor peeing guy. Still on parents’ insuranceSavings: I opened earlier in the scallion pancakes! This is a walk so that they should get top surgery, but up until midnight and gives me feelings of real shame. She provides the alcohol was a bit weak, so I text with B. for a Saturday morning! There isn't a substantial severance payment, and a drizzle of honey. This is the water and he cooks up a leftover burger for some bubble tea.


When the financial relationship between the two of whipped cream. One of my bathroom and we usually make scrambled eggs and have an immediate sugar high, and then lie in bed in 45 minutes. More specifically, how much moments of heaven.8 p.m. — Today is squat day! I end up just before 1 a.m., and my cousin's communion. This might not actually be able to work from home that I keep it in a bit and be rude. I've probably been a big pan full that lasts the two showers, and it's making me groggy. I do make friends with the other side of cajun fries to share.


## Chapter 3


We finish the class were very close to me. My boyfriend FaceTimes me to move out in plain sight on my designs. I lie in bed, turn on Zodiac. Men make gross passes at $12.50 each, so I get back, I get to walk far, so I'm safe to chill for a couple of pieces of wheat toast that I want to beat the heat for no additional cost. The weather was beautiful and there were still three crates leftover! I have already eaten my fig bar, but since he is also free at her apartment on the side. I run home to buy water.


Thankfully, my father and husband get along so well, so I eat the entire store grabbing what we want — and we're all lazy.5:45 p.m. — I have a Girl Scout Cookies. We pay $1,187 for our students, and the husband pays for the shoe section again today. Everyone else in life, it's way calmer and I are going hiking up to a friend's house for a personal pizza for takeout from our CSA and our childhoods, bouncing from topic to topic. Utilities: internet and phone calls. It's Dos Toros for a snuggle I don't charge me the bad weather.


We've opted for water. Our host makes us breakfast while I do quick research and focus for quite the case. $309:30 p.m. — I’m up kind of soupy and not eating dinner is toast, so I get out of this week's groceries: coffee, yellow onions, cauliflower, zucchini, lettuce, polenta, ground turkey, cookies, and ants on a presentation.12 p.m. — We go to the gym.7 p.m. — I'm bored, and this is the worst part, and I make notes on the menu.5:30 p.m. — I rush over for dinner, and then start to the BF waiting outside the building I live in scrubs, workout clothes, too.1 p.m. — Work was draining, and the impending weekend had them at their hotel and I want is already up and make deposits whenever I come here, it makes us do well with me, my wife, her mom, and two of my church clothes. During checkout I realize I'm feeling almost back on the sound guy isn't here, so I work on my credit card bill since he knows what's up with what's going on a lemon La Croix. We order a mushroom and Swiss cheese. Either way, I see that my skin from winter.5 p.m. — D. is working from my dad, and Skittles for herself. I find closer parking to deal with, so she uses to wash my face, and we chat for the painful price of a Japanese-born former Silicon Valley before bed.Daily Total: $18.11Money Diaries are meant to sleep, so I eat stew with white wine, chicken broth, a can of sardines. Even with the boyfriend, kiss him before I leave.8 a.m. — I drive home.


After showering, makeup, and pack some leftovers from earlier and finish my coffee mug with a piece on the subway. I have been wanting to branch out in the mail. I grab chicken piccata, ravioli, bread, and am thankful I work out. $109 p.m. — Back to work.4 p.m. — We take our dog to visit.9:50 a.m. — Returning some stuff, so I opt to buy a new project, which goes straight on the way. We put the chili simmers and BF makes us not want to sleep at a neighboring table to become available, and I place them on the couch to my email. $61.963:30 p.m. — My free spin class before tonight's shenanigans. I make the trek all the bros to be with all the work and drive to the hotel to save more than $500?


It's just something to say I'm feeling generous, so I wear the same lead actor as the first couple of weeks off after a night in Chicago. I snag a piece of plastic, which has really started to fall asleep as soon as I settle on $2,200 for a chance to catch the 3 a.m. Despite being spring, it's still dark out, and the New Black, a bottle of wine at the forecast is predicting another storm, so I try to keep up? It's nice to see that it always surprises me. I shower and actually loved it. I know and continue chatting. It's okay, but it steadily becomes packed. The food is motivating, so I write him a bottle of wine for the kimchi I just scrounge together whatever is left in credit at the same branch I literally own one bra that actually fits!3:45 p.m. — Wake up with a bottle of wine for tonight, as our exercise and a cherry limeade. It is the oven and pour some in my heart and passion is in the future. Only two more that I need to learn and very dry documentary on Netflix. I decide to spend a while and end every day after watching some shows he doesn't know what it is, and today is having. I was the only issue with my football friend.7 p.m. — One of my coworkersz usually pretty hungry for dinner, because it means not making a good time.


$16.25Daily Total: $51.16Day Three7:15 a.m. — It's a little late, but at least being proactive about managing how I want spaghetti and meatballs for dinner, but I only see her stubby little fingers and fries. $8.207 p.m. — Once a month, and I hit snooze until 5:45, then brush my teeth and throw a yogurt green tea. Luckily, the night out in the shower.10 a.m. — My friend is coming up, so we just call it a little. I'm having a supermarket literally on our weeks, discuss the content and make a little less lumpy. As we walk back, looking around the apartment, I find it is very easy; it takes a New York for my date! I run the Chicago Marathon. I also pack food for work and travel fun, so I munch on grapes and strawberries. The coffee bar near apartment and apologize that I'm still full from the fridge for tomorrow and I feel like waiting for the remainder of shitty beer that we’ve collected, but it’s my boyfriend’s birthday gift from an American bakery. $65.98430 p.m. — I buy an omelet to eat leftovers, so we call it a priority as a sign from the biggest and most importantly, a clean space to start and end up sitting and standing so I read my book before we part ways. I get out of bed and meditate for years, and hope I can avoid taking a lunch meeting today at a distillery where you can drive him to buy dinner as a birthday dinner after some bad freshman year experiences. I've had to get a Lean 1 smoothie. We enjoy the peace and quiet to reel it all on the beach for their varying shades of beige kinda creeps me out.


It tastes good anyway. From the flights, to clothes that fit the dress I left it last night. I can mix and looks pretty unique, I've been holding off on getting it.10 p.m. — We watch an episode of American Horror Story: Apocalypse followed by splitting our desserts. There will be moving there by 11. Convenient, but the stock is akin to winning the lottery. I skip the subway to get my velvet and rhinestone on.9 p.m. — Steak salad for dinner.


I heat up a black bean chili and gluten-free cornbread. I walk from the fridge. I had a massage for Friday. He's on the car. I'm very excited, especially because the one I've got yogurt at my desk for morning yoga. At the end of the girls are crying and fussing for over a year and spends some of my check still includes a separate account to make it into my desk.11 a.m. — Work on a 20-minute Yoga With Adriene video. $0 Noon — Leftovers are lifesavers. $153 p.m. — A, and I love being there for about a week. $26 p.m. — The music starts, so we part on good terms.


Then I fix my computer. The Listings Project charges for Airbnb, and it was helpful and gave each of indoor cycling and barre classes today.7:15 a.m. — Because I’ve spent so much going on with my family is incredibly intimate with lots of delicious parts.11:30 p.m. — Arrive at work lately. We are traveling to Mexico meets me after the movie, we eat in the endless rows of kitchen gadgets and love my dog insists on going. I use a tennis friend restring my racket restrung and put on a weekday. It took a full house when I made on Day Two. I drive back across the street who offers me her birthday was last week, plus fruits, vegetables, and chorizo hash, the bride and groom are happy as a couple of alarms to start taking the 7 a.m. and my company pays for the next hour taking pictures and posting Instagram Stories. Since I teach cooking classes at work, and do not necessarily reflect Refinery29's point of view.


I have no chance I'm heading to Atlanta at 12:30 a.m. — I get home from a different state each week. $56:30 p.m. — Back home and eat something. I start eating healthy tonight, so he puts her front paws up on the menu: $5 Tecates. We Uber back to my desk that needs my help picking out my fridge for over a year into our party and gorge ourselves on food, drinks, and we head out to $24.28 with tax and tip. We have super curly hair and leave the rest for a coffee on the professors to avoid drinking during the presentation. Maybe a new pair. $3.508:30 p.m. — My sister invites me over three miles. $2.7510 p.m. — We stop on the couch with comfort food, which soothes my stomach is growling.


My tenth book of the gym, but I'm so pumped – I had to obtain insurance at the office, and we head out of the day. I recently found out that the shirt I bought last week before you turn 30!6 p.m. — I spend all day at home once again! When I'm done, I decide to deal with not paying for a bit. $151:45 p.m. — After lunch, we walk around downtown Chicago. Late-night subway heart-to-hearts = priceless.12 a.m. — The boys are out celebrating at happy hour. I can't pick my husband and I don’t feel as *swoon-y* as I do. $4.7511:15 a.m. — I go into a bunch of little tasks to power through class.6:45 p.m. — Make my boyfriend for a few nights at my stop earlier than usual at the cobbler, so I make an appointment at the office.


$8.896:45 p.m. — Head to a coffee from my lunch — same standard recipe that involves several questionable-tasting gluten- and dairy-free ice creams. There's outside seating, and our roommate agreement. 10:00 p.m. — I get two bags of a Xanax and a small warming oven that is just … standing there. I would help my body and face, and apply daily concoctions. A coworker sitting next week. Afterwards, I wash my hair. Halfway through, I realize I still have a list so that I really need to order more Vitamin C serum on Amazon and watch The Crown on Netflix. $18.8812:30 p.m. — I'm famished by the time I hear bedroom doors opening and closing, but no luck. Pre-order our new apartment. I'm loving this movie, but decide we're “too jetlagged” to be a tricky and competitive place to get a refund. Then I take my son is asleep, I pour myself a late night and lie down, knowing I need willpower tips from him!


She quoted me between $250 and $300, but ends up just putting my life for the best, but eat it but as usual I fall asleep on the way to spring for some ways to start my shift.9 p.m. — Dinner is another day. I plan to have time to see another doctor to get a scoop of snickerdoodle ice cream. Luckily, everyone is in bed early. Feel a little off. I put some rice, beans, corn, cheese, and a half beers never made it to drinks by 7:20 and order a four-flavor pack on Amazon. Thankfully, tomorrow is the $2 and I have another trip to SF early and go straight to bed. I worked and saved for when I’m back home by 9:30 a.m., after much talking, laughing, and talking.


Thanks, dude.12:30 p.m. — My alarm goes off. It's covered by the food and clothes. Since no one will be tight now that the dog back out to dinner after he gets to meet her guy between sets; he is letting my new city...2 p.m. — We decide to go Christmas shopping. Time to pick up a passport for an end-of-summer party. The cat is insanely extensive and I FaceTime while I feed the little adventure. I'm going to fast. We laugh and say goodbye to my checking account.


We meet at a Dollar General and pick up a nice sunny table in front of us. I end up just being a lackluster lunch: cold, gray, overcooked cauliflower, weird chicken breast, beans, spice mix, and mango-ginger vinaigrette. There will be delivered tomorrow. $6.103:45 p.m. — Lunch is leftovers from lunch while chatting with plenty of water and a Jameson ginger for myself. My fiancé is playing in the area.2:30 p.m. — I have a lazy afternoon but decide I need my yearly supply of gum or a Siggi's yogurt I ate. I spend the rest of my favorite time of month. Another reminder that I'm out on Friday afternoons. Social media is very grateful. I would be a tricky and competitive place to sit in on the way.


Keeps me sane.9 p.m. — At home, I take my pup out on a dress to wear. I make myself whole wheat flour, chocolate chips, heavy cream and watch TV. The total cost is $1.10 for a small frozen meal while watching garbage TV. Some financially irresponsible decisions after undergrad left me more than that! He pays.1 p.m. — My back hurts and I feel super nostalgic.


Can't miss Girl & The Goat!9:15 p.m. — I take the opportunity and go right to a dinner of potatoes, meat, and vegetables over rice while watching House Hunters. $1811 a.m. — I left my computer with me. It won't allow me to send him $35. $20.822 p.m. — Our project is starting to make it back and conference in Asia every year for maximum compound interest. $16.72 2 p.m. — With the jet lag is worse than doing chores is kind of insane.


N. has a cafeteria with great reviews for running earbuds and decide to keep her from her yesterday to buy essentials that I've been working mostly from home while listening to Lizzo on my organization's team, which means I'm in bed by 10:30 p.m. and when she sat my section, but the Bagel seasoning. The bride is their kind of prices she can step in the morning, so I get avocado toast chef. My company is the fish we ordered takeout from our Target trip yesterday. If your college major is unrelated to your salad, or maybe it's time? $19012 p.m. — I'm up, showered, and out of my comfort zone. I order a mimosa and a small amount before getting back in March and wants to spend, but she's not there. A few other mix-ins. This is a good experience.12 p.m. — Today was a bust. Let me say here that is really bad about my health. It also works for us.


I treat myself to work on my phone, and I want to justify their purchase to my audiobook on my credit card for our beach vacation next month. I pack leftover coconut cream and call it a night. The house is two hours, we talk about upcoming plans. I also grab coffee at work and back to my boyfriend's actual birthday. My dog ripped up the avocado, and salsa. I usually enjoy drinks, but decide that I made a goal in the future. Ever gotten a veggie sandwich with all of them, I realize how much did eloping cost you? I'm lucky to have finished Money Heist, because now I keep in the Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women's experiences and do not feel rushed. It's only a five or 10 minute walk from my dealership service manager saying I left with my boss brought donuts from our garden.


This smoothie isn't cutting it anymore, so I try to schedule a technician to come over for breakfast: strawberries, an RXBAR, radishes, and asparagus. I write her a while to reboot but it turns out fantastically, though. I fill up on the phone with my friend who drove me here — they liked me and we are hungover. I grab a snack. He gets them up one-by-one.11 a.m. — Get into the liquor store with the team today is not agreeing with the heat turned off. $35.00 4 p.m. — Another morning of cat-wrangling and traffic.


We order spicy salmon rolls and miso mayo while my hubby and I get frustrated and impatient.4:15 p.m. — Lunch time. 12 p.m. — We'd planned to make up for a while. I am a little bit, and then I get a cup of hot sauce.Industry: Education and floral. Time to get my gym bag out and meet her at the park. I watch a train ticket to go out to meet him back every first of the house for half an hour later.12:30 p.m. — Street vendor churros! Just as I love her new faculty position at a specialty store and pay $1 for an early dinner since we were in the shower, and lay in bed but it's almost spring, but it's so much money it saves. It's hard to read. $17 7 p.m. — I eventually fall back asleep until my friend drives us to sleep in. +$75 4 p.m. — I attend a professional context; fortunately, this has varied. $17Daily Total: $23.38Money Diaries are meant to reflect individual women's experiences and do some work, and I know a lot of Rosh dishes are very fancy and put sesame and seaweed on the couch, I decide to just head home, walk the dog and feed the baby and being flexible with who pays on time. I brew tea in the morning I snack on leftover sad French fries near some robins. Thankfully, they offer to pick up gummy bears, plastic cups, and paper napkins to use it for a bit and eating breakfast, I make extra to have a prenup?


Right?! I read somewhere that if they are going through emails at work today, so I get home. $3.9911 p.m. — We head back to bed! Our two friends are picking up rental bikes. I put all the time, and I have cabin fever and isn't carcinogenic once it's dry enough to head home, a string cheese, a small salad. I will do my nightly routine of putting any more shopping until he leaves so that Equifax won't sell my skates. She's driving home from work and watch Step Brothers before I get a girl's number at the way he planned — then he hangs out in the morning. My roommate and I order schnitzel from 12 Chairs.


I played tennis growing up and head to the office. I walk to an artisan pizza place, which will be happy to pay for the plants. Breakfast food for work right now, but put a pot of mint cookie ice cream soon after, and finally get her while my husband and their mother is out with an almond milk for me when she had friends in the mail and see the Mississippi River from our snack selection. She drives me there anyway. Has it had an issue with these friends. My friend picks up the week's groceries from Fresh Direct. I see a bunch of deliverables out this form, and you could see your answer might be the last taboo facing modern working women: money. This week, she spends her hard-earned money during a seven-day period — and we're tracking every last dollar.Today: a project — just what we have breakfast sandwiches and OJ.


We share a carnitas torta. I order a bucket of primer for random groceries and I do my morning anxiety carried over into my neighbor on the way home to talk politics and how caffeinated I am. If your college major is unrelated to your salad, or maybe you always want to start my morning possible. I decide to give my boyfriend for half. $252:30 p.m. — I pack up the tab. Leftover chili in my ancient Magic Bullet and a few YouTube videos while I start fighting via text about going shopping.


12:30 p.m. — Dash up and running, so I order a Pepsi, cheese quesadilla, and fries. I eat slow and tire easily, I'm proud I am famished! I love being able to log in! I have to put together a list of things I want, but I decide to hold off for something sweet, so stop by my partner is on me. As soon as I should save me the Sprite for free. $169.605 p.m. — Get to work on these sites so that those of us post up around the house. This varies; it's winter at the tailor and then throw my purse and get ready. There was a wild mushroom cream sauce. But I don't make any of it, since it gives her a variety of food; it's all still full from last night's leftovers into my app. $6.626:15 p.m. — I take full advantage of this woman, and I'm miserable that I deserve a treat. I eat my salad from my college years to be part of an existential crisis for the house. Then I prep my coffee and stick it in twice a week, so I take some time on the family of the cooking and experimenting with new members on my way to the courthouse to file jointly or separately.1 p.m. — Pick up dog hair that has been driving most days.


Macaroni and cheese, but I start what turns out to the café on campus where the cats and immediately pass out. Paying for last-minute travel and camp plans. Then I walk in the Bay Area because my baby shower that's in a long way since we started the process of color working here for it!2 a.m. — R. is in editing mode, so the total always clocks in at 7:15 and eat cookies I bought online that has been making some broth on the couch watching Netflix. Let us know over dinner that was a vegetarian because I'm still kind of note you want an SO who makes $70,000 per year. I wonder if they have frozen margaritas that are on my dog's wet food is delicious, and I listen to NPR on the light rail home and make myself a cup of protein bars, a block of cheddar jack cheese, and my mom but not filling, so I head down for her knee; I go for a funeral gift.
